 Invesco s an independent investment management firm with more than 6,500 employees dedicated to delivering an investment experience that helps people get more out of life. We understand that every client has a unique set of investment objectives that can be achieved in a variety of ways, and our comprehensive range of investment capabilities has been constructed over many years to help clients achieve these objectives. Our high conviction fundamental and factor based methodologies aim to deliver client outcomes that go beyond the limitations of traditional passive investing and benchmark centric active management, and we believe they can help investors build portfolios in more precise and impactful ways. We are privileged to manage more than $830 billion in equity, fixed income, money market, balanced and alternative assets on behalf of retail and institutional clients around the world. (As of December 31, 2016.)


 Invesco sells retail mutual funds across the United States via financial intermediaries. In order to maximize effectiveness of our sales staff, we would like to understand who is at risk for selling (redeeming) our mutual funds in the next month and which funds are at risk, so that we may take a proactive engagement approach targeted specifically at the risk areas.

 Invesco has a wealth of internal data describing purchase and sale behaviour of our products with our clients. In additional to sales transactions, we collect asset holding balances, product investment experience information, and financial intermediary activity information. Our clients (financial intermediaries) are already segmented by behavioural criteria.

 You are a Senior Data Scientist within our strategy and innovation team, and are assigned the task to analyse the submitted data. Please write an algorithm using the prediction and test data sets, and provide a data output file that should generate a sample_output.csv file.Objective: Predict which investment id of different investment advisors will be redeemed in 2017- 01?The details to support this effort are in 4 data domains: transactions, assets, product investment experience, and activity engagement. Below are the file names and details.

 Predict which investment id of different investment advisors will be redeemed in 2017- 01?

 Predict which investment id of different investment advisors will be redeemed in 2017- 01?